# VERBOSITY
verbosity_ChargedLeptonLikelihoodReco     3 # 0=error, 1=warining, 2=message, and 3=debug
verbosity_DetectorResponsePredictor       3 # 0=error, 1=warining, 2=message, and 3=debug
verbosity_THistReader                     3 # 0=error, 1=warining, 2=message, and 3=debug

# PHOTON EMISSION DATA
hists_emission_mu_tankWater_energies_path /Data/water_doped-mu.root
hists_emission_e_tankWater_energies_path  /Data/water_doped-e.root
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_energies_path    /Data/MRDScintilator-mu.root
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_energies_path     /Data/MRDScintilator-e.root

hists_emission_mu_tankWater_counts_path   /Data/water_doped-mu.root
hists_emission_e_tankWater_counts_path    /Data/water_doped-e.root
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_counts_path      /Data/MRDScintilator-mu.root
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_counts_path       /Data/MRDScintilator-e.root

hists_emission_mu_tankWater_energies_name hist_emission_energies
hists_emission_e_tankWater_energies_name  hist_emission_energies
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_energies_name    hist_emission_energies
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_energies_name     hist_emission_energies

hists_emission_mu_tankWater_counts_name   hist_emission_counts
hists_emission_e_tankWater_counts_name    hist_emission_counts
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_counts_name      hist_emission_counts
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_counts_name       hist_emission_counts

hists_emission_mu_tankWater_energy_min    0
hists_emission_e_tankWater_energy_min     0
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_energy_min       0
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_energy_min        0

hists_emission_mu_tankWater_energy_delta  10
hists_emission_e_tankWater_energy_delta   10
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_energy_delta     10
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_energy_delta      10

hists_emission_mu_tankWater_num           121
hists_emission_e_tankWater_num            121
hists_emission_mu_MRDsci_num              121
hists_emission_e_MRDsci_num               121

# STOPPING POWER DATA
hists_dEdX_mu_tankWater_path              /Data/water_doped-mu.root
hists_dEdX_e_tankWater_path               /Data/water_doped-e.root
hists_dEdX_mu_tankSteel_path              /Data/water_doped-mu.root
hists_dEdX_e_tankSteel_path               /Data/water_doped-e.root
hists_dEdX_mu_MRDsci_path                 /Data/MRDScintilator-mu.root
hists_dEdX_e_MRDsci_path                  /Data/MRDScintilator-e.root
hists_dEdX_mu_MRDiron_path                /Data/MRDScintilator-mu.root
hists_dEdX_e_MRDiron_path                 /Data/MRDScintilator-e.root

hists_dEdX_mu_tankWater_name              hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_e_tankWater_name               hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_mu_tankSteel_name              hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_e_tankSteel_name               hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_mu_MRDsci_name                 hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_e_MRDsci_name                  hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_mu_MRDiron_name                hist_dEdX_dEdX
hists_dEdX_e_MRDiron_name                 hist_dEdX_dEdX

# PHOTON TRANSMITTANCE DATA
hists_transmittance_mu_tankWater_path     /Data/water_doped-mu.root
hists_transmittance_e_tankWater_path      /Data/water_doped-e.root
hists_transmittance_mu_MRDsci_path        /Data/MRDScintilator-mu.root
hists_transmittance_e_MRDsci_path         /Data/MRDScintilator-e.root

hists_transmittance_mu_tankWater_name     hist_transmittance
hists_transmittance_e_tankWater_name      hist_transmittance
hists_transmittance_mu_MRDsci_name        hist_transmittance
hists_transmittance_e_MRDsci_name         hist_transmittance